as Dawn broke dozens gathered for
morning prayers at this shelter in a
school moments of quiet and then
missiles hit turning the sight into one
filled with
bodies the area is strewn with dead
bodies and body parts it is very
difficult for paramedics to identify a
whole dead body there's an arm here a
leg there and bodies are ripped to
pieces Medical Teams stand helpless
before this horrific scene
this is a school compound housing
displaced families in Gaza for more than
10 months hundreds of thousands of
Palestinians have been on the Move
forced from their homes order to
evacuate and being promised safe
corridors but such shelters soon turned
into death traps the Israeli Army said
the death tool in this latest air strike
is exaggerated and it targeted Hamas and
Islamic had commanders this isn't the
first time since the start of the war
that Israel has claimed schools have
been converted into military compounds
by armed
factions we strongly condemn this
heinous crime the massacre perpetrated
by the Israeli military and call on the
whole world to condemn this attack we
also hold Israel's Army together with
the US Administration completely liable
for this massacre
the massacre comes at a critical time as
Qatar and Egypt push for a new round of
ceas fire talks to start next week
that's widely seen as a last chance for
an agreement that would end the Carnage
Palestinian authorities urging the US to
end what it describes as blind support
for Israel and to stop the killing of
innocent civilians for the displac in
Gaza most are struggling with a sense of
loss This Woman's entire family is now
dead and this girl is in shock after
seeing body parts that are all that's
left of her father hash
alaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz